[multi-container]Add samples for multi container support (#2732)
knative/docs: docs/serving/samples/multi-container/README.md

A simple web app written in Go that you can use for multi container testing.

> Follow the steps below to create the sample code and then deploy the app to your
> cluster. You can also download a working copy of the sample, by running the
> following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps show how you can use the sample code and deploy the app to your
cluster.

You can download a working copy of the sample, by entering the
following command:
```

```shell
git clone -b "{{< branch >}}" https://github.com/knative/docs knative-docs
```

## Prerequisites

- A Kubernetes cluster with Knative installed and DNS configured. Follow the
  [installation instructions](../../../install/README.md) if you need to
  create one.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) installed and running on your local machine,
  and a Docker Hub account configured (we'll use it for a container registry).

> - Make sure multi-container flag is enabled as part of `config-features` configmap.

Reviewer: I'd move this up to line 2-3

Reviewer: Also, Go tool should be part of prerequisites maybe?

Author: 1. Moved to 2-3

>Also, Go tool should be part of prerequisites maybe?

I don't see mentioning Go tool  as part of pre-requisites in any of the samples

> ## Recreating the sample code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the sample code
```

> Multi container has more than one container. For testing, we will create two containers: a serving container and a sidecar container.
> The `multi-container` directory already exist with predefined code and dockerfile for serving and sidecar container with service yaml.
> If user wants to update code, dockerfile or service yaml they can follow below steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test multi container functionality, you must create two containers: a serving container, and a sidecar container.

The `multi-container` directory is provided in the sample code, and contains predefined code and dockerfiles for creating the containers.

You can update the default files and YAML by using the steps outlined in this section.
```

### Serving Container

> 1. `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer`

Reviewer: Something like:

1. After you have cloned the sample repository, navigate to the `servingcontainer` directory:
   ```
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer
   ```

> 1. Update a file named `servingcontainer.go` and copy the code block below into it. This
>    code creates a basic web server which listens on port 8881:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a basic web server which listens on port 8881. You can do this by copying the following code into the `servingcontainer.go` file:
```

> 1. Update a file named `servingcontainer.go` and copy the code block below into it. This
>    code creates a basic web server which listens on port 8881:
> 
>    ```go
>    package main   
>    import (
>    	"fmt"
>    	"io/ioutil"
>    	"log"
>    	"net/http"
>    )
>    func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
>    	log.Println("serving container received a request.")
>    	res, err := http.Get("http://127.0.0.1:8882")
>    	if err != nil {
>    		log.Fatal(err)
>    	}
>    	resp, err := ioutil.ReadAll(res.Body)
>    	if err != nil {
>    		log.Fatal(err)
>    	}
>    	fmt.Fprintln(w, string(resp))
>    }
>    func main() {
>    	log.Print("serving container started...")
>    	http.HandleFunc("/", handler)
>    	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8881", nil))
>    }
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creates a basic web server which listens on port 8881. You can do this by copying the following code into the `servingcontainer.go` file:

   ```go
   package main   
   import (
   	"fmt"
   	"io/ioutil"
   	"log"
   	"net/http"
   )
   func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
   	log.Println("serving container received a request.")
   	res, err := http.Get("http://127.0.0.1:8882")
   	if err != nil {
   		log.Fatal(err)
   	}
   	resp, err := ioutil.ReadAll(res.Body)
   	if err != nil {
   		log.Fatal(err)
   	}
   	fmt.Fprintln(w, string(resp))
   }
   func main() {
   	log.Print("serving container started...")
   	http.HandleFunc("/", handler)
   	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8881", nil))
   }
   ```
```

> 1. In your project directory, update a file named `Dockerfile` and copy the code
>    block below into it. For detailed instructions on dockerizing a Go app, see
>    [Deploying Go servers with Docker](https://blog.golang.org/docker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the following code into the `Dockerfile` file:
```

Reviewer: No need to mention directory unless this needs another `cd` command to go somewhere else after the previous steps?
Also, any notes about dockerizing etc should go in an **Additional resources** section or something at the end of the doc, instead of inside a step of a procedure. Steps should only be prescriptive information :slightly_smiling_face:

   ```docker
   # Use the official Golang image to create a build artifact.
   # This is based on Debian and sets the GOPATH to /go.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/golang
   FROM golang:1.13 as builder
   # Create and change to the app directory.
   WORKDIR /app
   # Retrieve application dependencies using go modules.
   # Allows container builds to reuse downloaded dependencies.
   COPY go.* ./
   RUN go mod download
   # Copy local code to the container image.
   COPY . ./
   # Build the binary.
   # -mod=readonly ensures immutable go.mod and go.sum in container builds.
   RUN CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -mod=readonly -v -o servingcontainer
   # Use the official Alpine image for a lean production container.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine
   # https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/#use-multi-stage-builds
   FROM alpine:3
   RUN apk add --no-cache ca-certificates
   # Copy the binary to the production image from the builder stage.
   COPY --from=builder /app/servingcontainer /servingcontainer
   # Run the web service on container startup.
   CMD ["/servingcontainer"]
   ```

### Sidecar Container
1. Navigate to cloned code directory `cd -`

> 1. `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer`

Reviewer: Something like:

1. After you have cloned the sample repository, navigate to the `servingcontainer` directory:
   ```
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer
   ```

> 1. Update a file named `sidecarcontainer.go` and copy the code block below into it. This
>    code creates a basic web server which listens on port 8882:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a basic web server which listens on port 8882. You can do this by copying the following code into the `sidecarcontainer.go` file:
```

   ```go
   package main
   import (
   	"fmt"
   	"log"
   	"net/http"
   )
   func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
   	log.Println("sidecar container received a request.")
   	fmt.Fprintln(w, "Yay!! multi-container works")
   }
   func main() {
   	log.Print("sidecar container started...")
   	http.HandleFunc("/", handler)
   	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8882", nil))
   }
   ```

1. In your project directory, update a file named `Dockerfile` and copy the code
   block below into it. For detailed instructions on dockerizing a Go app, see

>    [Deploying Go servers with Docker](https://blog.golang.org/docker).

Reviewer: Same as previous note - update this step like the other one

   # This is based on Debian and sets the GOPATH to /go.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/golang
   FROM golang:1.13 as builder
   # Create and change to the app directory.
   WORKDIR /app
   # Retrieve application dependencies using go modules.
   # Allows container builds to reuse downloaded dependencies.
   COPY go.* ./
   RUN go mod download
   # Copy local code to the container image.
   COPY . ./
   # Build the binary.
   # -mod=readonly ensures immutable go.mod and go.sum in container builds.
   RUN CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -mod=readonly -v -o sidecarcontainer
   # Use the official Alpine image for a lean production container.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine
   # https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/#use-multi-stage-builds
   FROM alpine:3
   RUN apk add --no-cache ca-certificates   
   # Copy the binary to the production image from the builder stage.
   COPY --from=builder /app/sidecarcontainer /sidecarcontainer   
   # Run the web service on container startup.
   CMD ["/sidecarcontainer"]
   ```

### Writing Knative Service YAML

1. Go to multi-container directory where `service.yaml` already exist
   1. `cd -`

>    2. `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/`

Reviewer: Something like:

1. After you have cloned the sample repository, navigate to the `multi-container` directory:
   ```
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/
   ```

> 1. Update a file, `service.yaml` and copy the following service definition
>    into the file. Make sure to replace `{username}` with your Docker Hub
>    username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the following YAML service definition into the `service.yaml` file:
```

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
   kind: Service
   metadata:
     name: multi-container
     namespace: default
   spec:
     template:
       spec:
         containers:
         - image: docker.io/{username}/servingcontainer
           ports:
             - containerPort: 8881
         - image: docker.io/{username}/sidecarcontainer

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```
**NOTE:** Replace `{username}` with your Docker Hub username.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**NOTE:** Replace `{username}` with your Docker Hub username.

```

> 1. Use the go tool to create a

Reviewer: Can we use _Go_ rather than _go_ to determine that this is the proper name of the tool?

>    [`go.mod`](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules#gomod) manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [`go.mod`](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules#gomod) manifest:
```

   ```shell
   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer
   go mod init github.com/knative/docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer
   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer

>    go mod init github.com/knative/docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer

Reviewer: I would maybe split this into two steps and explain that it's creating manifests for the two different containers

   ```

## Building and deploying the sample

> Once you have recreated the sample code files, or used the files in the sample
> folder, you're ready to build and deploy the sample app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have modified the sample code files you can build and deploy the sample app.
```

The `multi-container` directory is provided in the sample code, and contains predefined code and dockerfiles for creating the containers.

You can update the default files and YAML by using the steps outlined in this section.

### Serving Container
1. After you have cloned the sample repository, navigate to the servingcontainer directory:

   `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer`
1. Create a basic web server which listens on port 8881.
You can do this by copying the following code into the `servingcontainer.go` file:

   ```go
   package main   
   import (
   	"fmt"
   	"io/ioutil"
   	"log"
   	"net/http"
   )
   func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
   	log.Println("serving container received a request.")
   	res, err := http.Get("http://127.0.0.1:8882")
   	if err != nil {
   		log.Fatal(err)
   	}
   	resp, err := ioutil.ReadAll(res.Body)
   	if err != nil {
   		log.Fatal(err)
   	}
   	fmt.Fprintln(w, string(resp))
   }
   func main() {
   	log.Print("serving container started...")
   	http.HandleFunc("/", handler)
   	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8881", nil))

>    }

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason to duplicate the code & Dockerfiles in the README.md?

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine if you don't and just leave the commands that explain how to build and run the multiple container knative service

Author: Just added to show it clearly for both serving and sidecar container

A simple web app written in Go that you can use for multi container testing.

Follow the steps below to create the sample code and then deploy the app to your
cluster. You can also download a working copy of the sample, by running the

> following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following command:
```

```shell
git clone -b "{{< branch >}}" https://github.com/knative/docs knative-docs
```

> ## Before you begin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

- A Kubernetes cluster with Knative installed and DNS configured. Follow the
  [installation instructions](../../../install/README.md) if you need to
  create one.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) installed and running on your local machine,
  and a Docker Hub account configured (we'll use it for a container registry).
- Make sure multi-container flag is enabled as part of `config-features` configmap.

## Recreating the sample code

> Multi container has more than one container, For testing, we will create two containers, the serving container and sidecar container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi container has more than one container, For testing, we will create two containers: a serving container and a sidecar container.
```

> Multi container will have more than one container, so for testing we have taken two containers one will be the serving and another will be the sidecar

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Multi container has more than one container. For testing, we will create two containers, the serving container and the sidecar container. 
```

> ### ServingContainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Serving container
```
More consistent with previous mention of "serving container"

> 1. `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer`

Reviewer: Explain what this step does, e.g.
1. Navigate to x...

Will this dir exist already or do they need to create it?

Author: Thank you
Added a description please do have a look

### Serving Container
1. `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer`
1. Update a file named `servingcontainer.go` and copy the code block below into it. This
   code creates a basic web server which listens on port 8881:

   ```go
   package main

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   import (
   	"fmt"
   	"io/ioutil"
   	"log"
   	"net/http"
   )

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
   	log.Println("serving container received a request.")
   	res, err := http.Get("http://127.0.0.1:8882")
   	if err != nil {
   		log.Fatal(err)
   	}
   	resp, err := ioutil.ReadAll(res.Body)
   	if err != nil {
   		log.Fatal(err)
   	}
   	fmt.Fprintln(w, string(resp))
   }

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   func main() {
   	log.Print("serving container started...")
   	http.HandleFunc("/", handler)
   	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8881", nil))
   }
   ```

1. In your project directory, update a file named `Dockerfile` and copy the code
   block below into it. For detailed instructions on dockerizing a Go app, see
   [Deploying Go servers with Docker](https://blog.golang.org/docker).

   ```docker
   # Use the official Golang image to create a build artifact.
   # This is based on Debian and sets the GOPATH to /go.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/golang
   FROM golang:1.13 as builder

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Create and change to the app directory.
   WORKDIR /app

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Retrieve application dependencies using go modules.
   # Allows container builds to reuse downloaded dependencies.
   COPY go.* ./
   RUN go mod download

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Copy local code to the container image.
   COPY . ./

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Build the binary.
   # -mod=readonly ensures immutable go.mod and go.sum in container builds.
   RUN CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -mod=readonly -v -o servingcontainer

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Use the official Alpine image for a lean production container.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine
   # https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/#use-multi-stage-builds
   FROM alpine:3
   RUN apk add --no-cache ca-certificates

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Run the web service on container startup.
   CMD ["/servingcontainer"]
   ```

### SidecarContainer

> 1. ```shell

Reviewer: Same comment as above - use conistent formatting for code blocks and explain what the command does, e.g. "1. Navigate to...."

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer
   ```

> 1. Create a new file named `sidecarcontainer.go` and paste the following code. This

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Create a new file named `sidecarcontainer.go` and copy the code
   block below into it. This
```

Just for consistency - the rest of the sections specify "into the file"

1. Update a file named `sidecarcontainer.go` and copy the code block below into it. This
   code creates a basic web server which listens on port 8882:

   ```go
   package main

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   import (
   	"fmt"
   	"log"
   	"net/http"
   )

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   func handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
   	log.Println("sidecar container received a request.")
   	fmt.Fprintln(w, "Yay!! multi-container works")
   }

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   func main() {
   	log.Print("sidecar container started...")
   	http.HandleFunc("/", handler)
   	log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(":8882", nil))
   }
   ```

1. In your project directory, update a file named `Dockerfile` and copy the code
   block below into it. For detailed instructions on dockerizing a Go app, see
   [Deploying Go servers with Docker](https://blog.golang.org/docker).

   ```docker
   # Use the official Golang image to create a build artifact.
   # This is based on Debian and sets the GOPATH to /go.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/golang
   FROM golang:1.13 as builder

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Create and change to the app directory.
   WORKDIR /app

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Retrieve application dependencies using go modules.
   # Allows container builds to reuse downloaded dependencies.
   COPY go.* ./
   RUN go mod download

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Copy local code to the container image.
   COPY . ./

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Build the binary.
   # -mod=readonly ensures immutable go.mod and go.sum in container builds.
   RUN CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -mod=readonly -v -o sidecarcontainer

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   # Use the official Alpine image for a lean production container.
   # https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine
   # https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/#use-multi-stage-builds
   FROM alpine:3
   RUN apk add --no-cache ca-certificates

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   COPY --from=builder /app/sidecarcontainer /sidecarcontainer
   
   # Run the web service on container startup.
   CMD ["/sidecarcontainer"]
   ```

> Go to multi-conatiner directory

Reviewer: Should be another step?

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

### Writing Knative Service YAML

1. Go to multi-container directory where `service.yaml` already exist
   1. `cd -`
   2. `cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/`

1. Update a file, `service.yaml` and copy the following service definition
   into the file. Make sure to replace `{username}` with your Docker Hub
   username.

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
   kind: Service
   metadata:
     name: multi-container
     namespace: default
   spec:
     template:
       spec:
         containers:
         - image: docker.io/{username}/servingcontainer
           ports:
             - containerPort: 8881
         - image: docker.io/{username}/sidecarcontainer
   ```

1. Use the go tool to create a
   [`go.mod`](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules#gomod) manifest.

   ```shell
   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer
   go mod init github.com/knative/docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer
   go mod init github.com/knative/docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer
   ```

## Building and deploying the sample

> Once you have recreated the sample code files (or used the files in the sample
> folder) you're ready to build and deploy the sample app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have recreated the sample code files, or used the files in the sample
folder, you're ready to build and deploy the sample app.
```

1. Use Docker to build the sample code into a container. To build and push with
   Docker Hub, run these commands replacing `{username}` with your Docker Hub
   username:

   ```shell
   # Build the container on your local machine
   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/servingcontainer
   docker build -t {username}/servingcontainer .

>    

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion

```

   cd -
   cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/multi-container/sidecarcontainer
   docker build -t {username}/sidecarcontainer .

   # Push the container to docker registry
   docker push {username}/servingcontainer
   docker push {username}/sidecarcontainer
   ```

> 1. After the build has completed and the container is pushed to docker hub, you

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. After the build has completed and the container is pushed to Docker Hub, you
```

Capitalizing for consistency.
